Your foster mother?
I'm afraid I won't let it go
Maybe.
Will find your school
We've got to do something.
But if so
Xiaoyuan's college entrance examination will be affected
Then I'll move right away.
I'm going to ask the old man for help
Don't let them know where we are
This family is just disconnected
But my adoptive father
My brother and I are very nice to me
I don't want my mom to threaten me with them
It's before the college entrance examination.
I dodge first
I'll take you out after my college entrance examination.
Contact them again
Okay, now that you've arranged it all
I think it's better to move out at night
Don't be seen
But
The documents I took with you haven't come down yet.
Can we go?
It doesn't matter, I'll ask the old man to help me then.
Now that the policy is released, it should be no problem, really.
That's great. That's great.
Yueyue
How do you know?
I am not the son of my neighbor.
Did your mother take your name?
once
I overheard my aunt talking to my mother.
Between know
It is said that my name was given by my grandmother
Do you know which family you are from?
It is said that my grandmother used to be a nurse at your house in the provincial capital
So what happened?
When your family moved to Hong Kong and abroad
In a mess and in a hurry
They put me in a little basket.
Put it in your ancestral hall
You mean you might be the main family
Your child
What nonsense are you talking about?
My grandmother is your little master's wet nurse
How could he not recognize the master's child?
That's not necessarily true.
Have you thought about going to them?
Okay, it's up to me.
But I'm going out these days.
Come back at the end of the month
You have to be careful
Take care of yourself
No problem, don't worry.